Added Properties to the Structured Configuration docs (#940)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/shared-content/structured-configuration-variables.include.md

:::info

> This Configuration Feature used to be called JSON Configuration Variarbles in versions before 2020.4.0, but has been re-named to Structured Configuration Variables with the added support for YAML, XML, and Properties configuration file replacements.

Reviewer: Slight tweak for readability:
```suggestion
This Configuration Feature was previously called JSON Configuration Variables. In version **2020.4.0**, we added support for YAML, XML, and Properties configuration file replacements and renamed the feature Structured Configuration Variables.
```

:::

> With the **Structured Configuration Variables** feature you can define [variables](/docs/projects/variables/index.md) in Octopus for use in JSON, YAML, XML and Properties configuration files of your applications. This lets you define different values based on the scope of the deployment. Settings are located using a structure-matching syntax, so you can update values nested inside structures such as JSON objects and arrays, YAML mappings and sequences, and XML elements and attributes. XPath is used for XML files, and similar expressions are used for the other formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the **Structured Configuration Variables** feature you can define [variables](/docs/projects/variables/index.md) in Octopus for use in JSON, YAML, XML, and Properties configuration files of your applications. This lets you define different values based on the scope of the deployment. Settings are located using a structure-matching syntax, so you can update values nested inside structures such as JSON objects and arrays, YAML mappings and sequences, and XML elements and attributes. XPath is used for XML files, and similar expressions are used for the other formats.
```

```
The namespace 'http://octopus.com' could not be mapped to the 'octopus' prefix, as another namespace 'http://octopus.com/xml' is already mapped to that prefix. XPath selectors using this prefix may not return the expected nodes. You can avoid this by ensuring all namespaces in your document have unique prefixes.
```

## Java Properties 

Given this example of a target properties file:

```

> weatherApiUrl = dev.weather.com,

Reviewer 2: The properties file format doesn't have commas at the end of the line. The end of the line itself is the delimiter.

```suggestion
weatherApiUrl = dev.weather.com
```

Author: Thankyou, im really glad you caught this. Bad copy-paste from the json example!

weatherApiKey = DEV1234567,
tempImageFolder = C:\\temp\\img,
logsFolder = C:\\logs
port = 8080,
debug = true
```

If you define [variables](/docs/projects/variables/index.md) in your Octopus project called `weatherApiUrl`, `weatherApiKey`, `tempImageFolder`, `port`, and `debug` with the values `test.weather.com`, `TEST7654321`, `D:\temp\img`, `80`, and `false`, the target properties file is updated to become:

```
weatherApiUrl = test.weather.com,
weatherApiKey = TEST7654321,
tempImageFolder = D:\\temp\\img,
logsFolder = C:\\logs
port = 80,
debug = false
```

Note that the `logsFolder` setting remains untouched as there was no variable defined to override the value and that `tempImageFolder` has been encoded with the double `\`. Octopus will encode the variable in the correct encoding for the properties file format. 

> Unlike JSON, YAML, and XML, it's not possible to do hirachical replacement in a properties file as properties files are simple key value files. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike JSON, YAML, and XML, it's not possible to do hierachical replacement in a properties file as properties files are simple key value files. 
```

> Unlike JSON, YAML, and XML, it's not possible to do hirachical replacement in a properties file as properties files are simple key value files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike JSON, YAML, and XML, it's not possible to do hierarchical replacement in a properties file as properties files are simple key value files. 
```
